Here's an in-dialogue conversation between John and Gopal about the horror genre located in Davis that leads to a fear-inducing outcome:

John: Have you ever watched any horror movies set in Davis?

Gopal: No, I haven't. I didn't know there were any.

John: Yeah, there's this one called "The Davis Horror House." It's about a family that moves into a house in Davis, but they soon discover that the house is haunted by the spirits of its former occupants.

Gopal: That sounds creepy. Is it based on a true story?

John: I'm not sure, but it feels like it could be. The filmmakers did a great job of making the setting feel really eerie, with lots of shots of the old trees and the mist rolling in from the nearby fields.

Gopal: I don't think I could handle that kind of movie. I get too scared.

John: That's the whole point of horror movies, though. They're supposed to scare you.

Gopal: But I don't like feeling scared. It's not fun for me.

John: I know what you mean. But sometimes it's good to push ourselves out of our comfort zones. Plus, it's just a movie. It's not real.

Gopal: I don't know. I've heard stories about weird things happening in Davis. Like the old abandoned hospital on the edge of town.

John: Oh yeah, I've heard about that place too. Apparently, there were some pretty messed up experiments done there back in the day.

Gopal: See, that's exactly what I'm talking about. I don't want to watch a horror movie about something like that.

John: Suit yourself. But if you ever change your mind, let me know. I think you might surprise yourself with how much you can handle.

Gopal: I'll think about it. But for now, I think I'll stick to comedies and rom-coms.

As they part ways, Gopal can't shake the feeling of unease that John's words have left him with. He walks home alone, his eyes darting around at every shadow and his heart pounding in his chest. The fear of the unknown begins to take hold, and Gopal can't help but wonder what might be lurking just out of sight in the town of Davis.