The application possess three different modules : Story Generation, Character Creation and Dialogue Creation

There is no mandate for you to fill one or more of these fields. You can leave as many fields Blank as you want and a coherent story will still be produced.

Story Generation
The system starts with a text multi-input system where you can enter one or more attributes of the story you want to generate.

The fields that we have created include a General Story Description, Genre, Intro of the story, Climax of the story, Number of characters involved and their details (Name and Traits).

Description: Here you can enter anything that you want incorporated into the story. Any inputs as an author you want included in the story can be entered here.

Genre: You can input what genre you want your generated story to be in this field.

Intro of the Story: You can enter the initial lines to the story here if you have an introduction formed for the story you want to create.

Climax: You can enter the final lines to the story here if you have an ending formed for the story you want to create.

Number of Characters: You can input the number of characters you want to create from your side in the story here. Once you have entered the count, you can also input. 
       
Character Name: Here, you can enter the character names for the story that is being created.
Character Traits:Here, you can enter the corresponding personality traits of the characters you want to.

Process Button: This button triggers the function to generate the story based on your prompts

Output Box: This is where the initial story generated by you will appear.

Edit Text Box:  you can edit any parts of it by giving prompts in the Edit text window.

Edit Button: This button triggers the edits given by the user and generates the new story

Generate Character Button: This button will open the next module interface which focuses on generating physical and personality characteristics of each character in the story in the form of profile card

Generate Dialogue Button: This button will open the third module interface which focuses on generating dialogue conversations between two or more characters of the story.


Character Creation:
This module creates character profiles - Name, Traits and Backstory - for the characters that have been inputted by the author and the ones that have been randomly generated.

Dialogue Creation:
This module helps create dialogue interactions between two or more characters where you can input the characters involved, location and the social outcome that is expected. After the dialogues are generated, you can edit any parts of it by giving prompts in the Edit text window.

Characters Involved: You can enter the characters you want to be involved in the dialogue
Genre: You can input what genre you want your generated story to be in this field.
Location: You can input the location where you want the interaction to take place.
Social Outcome: You can input what emotional and social outcome you expect from the interaction such as friendship, enemity etc.
